♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a
series of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
where Luffy forms an
alliance with Trafalgar Law.
The two face off
against Caesar Clown--
a twisted scientist
and master of the island.
Both Luffy and Law are captured,
and they must pool
their resources
to escape from
Caesar's clutches.
Franky...
[FRANKY inhales]
[FRANKY]
...Fireball!
[MARINES scream]
[MARINE R]
What the hell was that?
[MARINE M]
Put out the fire!
[LAW] Now that Caesar's video
transponder snails can't see us,
we'll have a minute before he
figures out what's going on.
Frankly, I have no obligation to
spare your life, White Hunter.
However, if you
make it out of here
and ruin Vergo's reputation,
then that suits my ends.
One catch.
I need you to forget all
you heard about me and Joker.
That's not a petty request.
It's a condition.
You give me that and
I give you your life.
--[ZORO] Yo, Kin'emon!
--Huh?
Think you can cut through iron?
Most certainly. Have no fear.
Hey, Brownbeard!
Let's keep up the pace!
Here I go!
[ZORO, KIN'EMON yell]
[LUFFY]
"Get to Building R!
The Pirate Alliance's
Great Advance!"
What did you just do?
Are you trying to kill us all?
Huh?
[ALL panting]
[LUFFY chuckles]
Oh, no! [pants]
Well, we made it in, but that
means the gas can come in, too!
What the hell were
you idiots thinking?
We're all gonna die
with you now!
Hurry! Let's plug up that hole!
Come on, guys,
we gotta be quick!
[MARINES grunting]
[MARINES yelling]
[USOPP panting]
[MARINES panting]
[USOPP sighs]
I guess we're safe,
at least for now.
[cackling]
Hello, Doomsday! [cackles]
Punk Hazard is a wasteland.
Not an inch of the island
remains habitable.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackling]
[BROOK gasps] The gas is still
as thick as pea soup out here.
One foot out the door
would undoubtedly mean
a swift and painful death.
[USOPP]
Well? How does it look?
Bleak and ravaged,
like something from a nightmare.
To think what might
have happened to us
if we hadn't plugged the hole.
It's truly terrifying.
[MARINES]
You're terrifying!
[ZORO]
Mm. Good.
Nothing about this is "good"!
We were safe here till you came
barging through the wall!
And you didn't even
help us plug up the hole!
[MARINE N] You guys have pissed
us off one too many times.
[MARINE O]
Play nice, Straw Hats,
or we'll blow your heads off.
You, too, Brownbeard.
It's not like we can go
back outside. We're cornered.
No running now!
Good thing we don't
need to run, then.
Well, we should have
seen this coming.
Heh, heh. How cute.
They think they're threatening.
[BROOK laughs]
[gasps] They said my name!
They've heard of me!
Hey, things are heatin'
up down there. [chuckles]
Listen, you two will not
interfere with me or Straw Hat
and his crew, understood?
All right.
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Look, it's him! Hey, Traffy!
Now's our chance! Hurry!
Do your thing! Switch us back!
No, don't listen
to her! We're okay!
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Wait, what did you say, Sanji?
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Oh, nothing, nothing at all.
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Listen, we have to...
[sighs] Fine. Room.
Come on. This is fun.
[LAW]
Shambles.
Oh no!
The dream is over now!
I'm back!
Wait a second. I think...
Sanji?
Why am I wearing
a different coat?
Did you take off my clothes?
[SANJI]
Wait, hold on! I can explain--
explain, explain,
explain, explain...
[USOPP]
Sanji, are you okay?
What the hell... My body hurts.
And from a whole lot
more than one punch.
That was Caesar.
Um, he beat Nami
pretty badly, actually.
What?
Hang on, what are
you crying for?
I'm so glad he hurt
my body and not hers!
You truly are a prince
among men! [cries]
All right, everybody,
shut up and listen to me!
[MARINES]
Huh?
[MARINE P]
Law!
As you may have noticed,
the whole island is
filled with poison gas,
but there is a way out.
There's a passage that's
completely enclosed,
and it leads to the sea.
[MARINES gasp]
[LAW]
This laboratory is massive.
It is made up of multiple
connected buildings.
We are currently in Building A.
If you go through the gate
at the back of this building
and pass through Building B,
the central part
of the laboratory,
you'll find Building R.
In that building, there is
a tall door marked "R-66."
That is the entrance to the
passage that leads to the sea.
I'd rather not
massacre everybody here,
so here's the deal.
You have two hours to find
your way out, and if not,
I can't guarantee your safety.
[MARINES chattering]
You're just leaving us to die?
Screw you!
Get back here, Law!
[LUFFY] Is something
gonna happen to the lab?
Depends on how things turn out.
For right now, I have
to do what I have to do.
[LUFFY]
All right.
Robin, could you do me a favor?
Yes, Luffy?
[MARINES chattering]
[SMOKER]
G-5!
[MARINES]
Huh?
[MARINE Q]
Smokey!
There are prisoners here.
Young children who were
kidnapped two years ago.
Your mission is
to retrieve them,
then find the door
that's labeled R-66.
If what Law told us was true,
that passage leads to a harbor.
Steal a ship and we'll
kiss Punk Hazard goodbye.
Hell yeah!
I'm ready to get out of here!
The children, yeah!
All right, everyone, let's split
up and look for those kids.
When we find them, we need
to get them to Building R,
door R-66!
[ZORO, BROOK, USOPP]
Roger that!
Hold on, Zoro!
You can't go alone!
Huh?
Not much longer, Momonosuke.
I will save you, I swear it!
That can be arranged.
I'll see to it for you.
[LUFFY]
Thanks. Now, then...
Better get ready, Caesar,
'cause I'm coming for ya,
and this time I won't pass out!
First I'll kick your ass,
then I'll kidnap it.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackling]
Do you see now?
The genius of my
grand experiment?
And, with such fine guinea pigs.
The Straw Hats and
Trafalgar, and G-5. Hah!
Fools, sacrificed on
the altar of science
to prove that my
Land of the Dead
is the most effective
weapon in history.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackling]
[cackling]
Something definitely
isn't right.
I don't understand.
What's going on?
Why don't I see any idiot G-5
marines at the main entrance?
We should be looking at
a pile of solidified bodies,
but nothing.
I can't prove the power
of my Land of the Dead
without those corpses.
And if we don't
have their bodies,
how can we be sure the Straw
Hats, Law, and Smoker are dead?
What do you think,
Vergo? Are they?
There is one thing
we can be sure of.
Whatever happened, Straw Hat and
the others are not in that cage.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh? They got free?
And why would you think that?
The Navy G-5 is nothing but
a bunch of useless meatheads.
I seriously doubt they
would be able to escape
from the gas on their own.
They're far too stupid to
manage something like that.
What's your point?
It's that they
likely had assistance.
Straw Hat and the rest
escaped the cage,
and helped the G-5
marines, as well.
They broke out? Impossible.
Get ready!
Tashigi. Until I get back,
I'm leaving you in charge
of the men, understood?
Get back? But where
are you going, Smoker?
Vergo! That's who
you're after, right?
I can't let him get away.
The law won't see
that traitor punished
the way he deserves
to be. You know that.
[TASHIGI gasps]
I have to handle it myself.
Nobody screws around
with my navy.
Wait! At least
take me with you, sir!
I can help.
You know how strong Vergo is.
If something were
to happen to you--
[SMOKER] Then our men would need
someone to look after them.
[gasps]
[SMOKER] Go, Tashigi.
Help those fools escape.
The children, too.
Good luck, Vice-Admiral.
Huh? Is it true?
Luffy really got beaten
by that maniac Caesar?
It's true, and there was even
a little bit of suffocation
thrown into the mix
for good measure.
He manipulates gas, and that
makes him one dangerous bastard.
He sucks the oxygen
right out of the air.
We let the Yetis get the
drop on us, now this crap, too?
That is so pathetic.
[USOPP]
Hm?
What the hell is wrong with us?
[ZORO] We gave up two years.
Was it all for nothing?
Well, try looking
at it this way:
we're all still
alive, aren't we?
Maybe not for long!
[USOPP gasps]
[ZORO] If we keep letting
ourselves get caught off guard,
we're gonna get killed.
[USOPP]
Hey, what are you doing?
What?
Get ready! Don't
let 'em through!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Hey, Luffy!
Why won't these idiots
just give up? Hm?
[ZORO]
Luffy!
What's Moss Head up to now?
This better be good.
[MARINES yell]
[MARINES gasping]
Luffy, you hear me?
Zoro?
You have got to get it together!
We're in the New World!
Stakes are high!
[LUFFY gasps]
Just what we needed.
A kick in the ass.
Yeah, real sorry!
Won't happen again, promise!
[BROOK laughs]
[LUFFY yells]
[SUBORDINATE B]
It's Straw Hat!
Bring him down before
he can do anything stupid!
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[LUFFY]
...UFO!
[LUFFY laughs]
See, I got this!
Can you take anything seriously?
[USOPP laughs]
Huh?
[SUBORDINATE A panting]
Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
What's the matter?
It's Straw Hat,
the Navy--everybody.
They're here, they're inside!
They got away from
the poison gas,
and they're in building A now!
They're all about to advance
further into the laboratory!
They're here?!
How is that even possible?
They shouldn't have been able
to get out of that cage,
let alone make it through
the laboratory door!
How did they get inside?
[SUBORDINATE A]
We don't know, sir.
More than anything,
I don't like that Law
is on the loose now.
Depending on what he intends,
I may need to take care
of him personally.
[LUFFY laughing]
Yeah! Woo-hoo!
[LUFFY yells]
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[LUFFY giggles]
And here we go!
[NARRATOR] Luffy and friends
desperately flee
from the lethal Land of the Dead
that leaked into the laboratory.
At this rate, the only way to
avoid suffering an instant death
is to pass through the gate
that looms up ahead.
Meanwhile, the G-5
demonstrates their Navy pride.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Tashigi's Tears! G-5's
Desperate Breakthrough Plan!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!